
Not being a huge fan of superhero movies, I didn't have much
expectations for Batman Begins. However viewing the 2005 Christopher
Nolan production, I was pleasantly shocked. Then after my huge
expectations for, "The Dark Knight", Christopher Nolan blew my
expectations to the dust. Will the same happen with the 3rd and last
film, "The Dark Knight Rises"? Quite simply, Yes! My big expectations
were once again, blown away. What a production! This is a true
cinematic experience, to behold. The movie exceeded my expectations in
terms of action, and entertainment. The editing, sound, score, visuals,
direction and action are all top notch. The film contains a fine cast of talented actors. Christian Bale, of
course still makes is a great Batman. Michael Cain is fantastic, as he
always is. He gives such a powerful performance, he really ought to be
considered for an Oscar nomination. Tom Hardy as Bane is utterly
terrifying, at times, and completely ominous. Anne Hathaway as
Catwoman/Selina Kyle is a scene stealer. She is completely engrossing.
Everyone is so great, the dynamic scenes between the actors are so well
done, so well written, and so well directed. The Dark Knight Rises is
is emotionally riveting and amazing to view.At a running time of almost 3 hours, the film never becomes dull, which
is pretty impressive. The movie's action sequences are spectacularly
well created and very intense. The dialogue between the character's are
intelligent and highly believable. The movie's soundtrack is terrific
and really exemplify's many of the movie's scenes. Extremely well
editing and sound use really develop many of the movie's action scenes,
so it's not just explosions and visuals like in many other movies.
Nolan creates a grand, dirty, engrossing world, and his action
sequences just hum. In conclusion, this film is a gorgeous reminder that great writing and
direction can enhance any movie-going experience, even superhero
movies, which are usually thought of as mindless entertainment. I am
wholly satisfied with Christopher Nolan's vision and thank all who
worked on this film for bringing such an intricate interpretation of
its very famous literary source. I cannot recommend this film anymore
than I have, I just have to say everyone and anyone should see it.
10/10"


Christopher Nolan has outdone himself with this one. At 3.30 in the
morning, I was tired. Just getting out of it, I've never been so awake. Perhaps what set this film apart from his other films was that it had a
genuine emotional heartbeat. I felt that this was a flaw of Nolan's
other films - the vision of emotion was there, but it was hollow. In
this I bought it. I felt it, hero and villain alike.Christian Bale was typically brilliant as Batman, and I felt that Bruce
Wayne was more heavily embraced in this final installment. Bale added
emotional depth to the character - a plot point that I think went
astray in The Dark Knight - picking up from the development made in
Batman Begins.Tom Hardy as Bane was quite simply, terrifying. No longer a dunderhead
"enforcer", but one of the criminal masterminds behind "Gotham's
Reckoning", coupled with a physical dominance strong enough to send
shivers down your spine.Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle defied my expectations. Hands up who was
not entirely convinced that that girl from the Princess Diaries could
handle an intensely physical role like Catwoman. But here I am, hugely
impressed. She added immeasurably to the value of the film.Marion Cotillard fulfilled the role of Miranda Tate admirably, though I
suspect this was the most underdeveloped character of the film - though
after watching, I can see why.The unsung hero of The Dark Knight Rises is Michael Caine as Alfred. A
heartfelt performance that helps drive the emotional content of the
film, helping Nolan sell his most well-rounded film to date. Caine's
performance in both presence and absence.Special mention goes to Joseph Gordon Levitt, who is consistently
proving himself to be a big player in the Hollywood game. His role as
officer Blake felt like there could've been more, but it may just have
come all a bit much. It was a great performance, and Levitt sunk his
teeth into role. If you can, go see this in IMAX. If any film was to sell the format to
skeptics, The Dark Knight Rises would be IT. I'm happy Nolan stuck to
his guns and shot in 2D. 3D would have been unnecessary. I suppose at this point, I have to turn my focus on Nolan. If he ever
reads this... aspiring filmmaker to filmmaker, I've never been so
envious, jealous in all my life. It's a film that leaves me
floundering, wondering what I could possibly do to get anywhere near
this ballpark. Well done. I think an Oscar Nomination is in order.From here, I'm not sure what to expect of the future. Does our
imagination carry us forward, or do the studios? Time will tell.10/10

